so you want to refund kha'zix no no I
just want to refund the mecha kha'zix
skin I bought last week while he was on
sale but then you guys went ahead and
nerfed him in this new patch so I would
like my money back for that skin since I
won't be using it oh you want to refund
the kazakh skin you just got well then
it looks like you'll have to burn one of
your very limited refund tokens well
what if I'm at a refund tokens we're
only allowed three
oh I'm sorry does okay we're gonna be
able to help you here let me look it up
and see if we actually can do anything
in our support column that well no no it
looks like we're gonna get to keep your
money dang it I just couldn't find
anything that we had that could help you
this is stupid can I speak to anybody
else please hey freak what's up guys how
can I help you okay so I just bought the
mecha kha'zix skin last week when you
guys put them on sale this week you guys
nerfed him I don't want to play kha'zix
anymore
I would like to refund my kazakh skin
and I just checked you guys's policy the
other day and it states clearly that if
any of the skins or champions have beat
have been tampered with visually or
gameplay-wise within the last 90 days I
can get a refund without using one of my
refund tokens oh we actually just
changed that policy right now darn it
so it was a scam all along you knew you
were gonna nerf kha'zix but you decided
to drain every last dollar out of him
you could by putting his skin on sale
one week and then nerfing him and
removing the refund policy in the next
week maybe it would help if they heard
from the executive who made the decision
in nerf kha'zix in the first place hey
hey rengar these kids want to know about
the kha'zix nerf and to think I believed
in you riot I believe that you were a
company that actually cared about the
users and Warren Drew's gonna grab it
money at every opportunity you saw but
at the end of the day I've wasted too
much time and too much RP on a company
that doesn't deserve it wait can you say
that again
I believed in you riot no no not that
part we don't care about that part the
last part I've spent too much RP
how much RP did you spend